---
title: Sky v0.2.0 Released
date: 2012-12-12 00:00 -00:00
layout: blog
---

### What's New?

Sky version 0.2.0 has been released.
You can download it from the main [Sky web site](/).
A lot has gone into this release but there are a few areas that are especially important:

* [LuaJIT][] has been integrated so you can now run map/reduce across your data on the fly.

* [LevelDB][] replaced the previous data store.
  LevelDB is a solid key-value store that was written by the famous Googlers, Jeff Dean and Sanjay Ghemawat.
  I originally wrote Sky with a custom in-memory data store for performance.
  However, after some testing with LevelDB I found that the performance cost could be amortized and Sky is still crunching tens of millions of events per second per core.
  Not too shabby.
  
* Sky now compiles without warnings on Ubuntu & GCC.
  I'm also working on testing other Linux distributions.

* Stability was a big focus with this release as well.


### What's Next

For the next month I'll be working on an analytics front-end called Skybox.
You can watch the [repository on GitHub](https://github.com/skydb/skybox) if you want to follow along.
Skybox will be a Sinatra application that gives you a framework for working with behavioral data analysis.
It will have some built-in visualizations but also let you easily extend it for your needs.

Check it out if you're interested in seeing some advanced [D3.js] visualization or if you have some behavioral data you want to crunch and understand.

Expect a Sky v0.3.0 release soon after that as well.
Skybox will be integrating some machine learning and predictive analytics so I'll be adding other workflows and pipelining to the Lua processing besides map/reduce.

  [LuaJIT]: http://luajit.org/
  [LevelDB]: http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/
  [D3.js]: http://d3js.org/
