---
title: Sky Roadmap 2012
date: 2012-11-13 00:00 -00:00
layout: blog_layout
---

### Project Status

Sky has come a long way this past year: It saw its first official v0.1.0
release. A custom query language called Qip was written for it (and then
removed). And finally, multicore distribution was added to allow linear
scalability on each core.

But that begs the question, what’s next for Sky?

### The Rest of the Year

Sky is still an early project so I’m not making projections too far out.
However, there are still some awesome features coming down the pipe for
the rest of the year.

First, Sky will be adding Lua support via the [LuaJIT][] project. LuaJIT
is an awesome project that allows for dynamic scripting that is compiled
down to machine code at runtime. It’s widely recognized as one of the
fastest dynamic languages available and allows for direct interface with
C code and data.

Second, I’m going to be starting an open source analytics project using
Rails that is backed by Sky. You can think of it as an open source
version of [Google Analytics][] or [MixPanel][]. Those are both awesome
products but unfortunately you give up a lot of flexibility and
ownership of your data when you use them. There are some open source
tools available such as [Piwik][] but they only provide basic hit
counters for your pages. With the speed and flexibility of Sky, I
believe you can do powerful analytics like funnel analysis, cohort
analysis and more.

### Suggestions

I’d love to hear some suggestions as to what other features you’d like
to see in Sky or the new Sky analytics tool. There are also tentative
plans for [V8][] to query using JavaScript and [Julia][] to query using
statistical computing. Feel free to add a comment below or e-mail the
mailing list at [sky@librelist.com][].

  [LuaJIT]: http://luajit.org/
  [Google Analytics]: http://www.google.com/analytics/
  [MixPanel]: https://mixpanel.com/
  [Piwik]: http://piwik.org/
  [V8]: http://code.google.com/p/v8/
  [Julia]: http://julialang.org/
  [sky@librelist.com]: mailto:sky@librelist.com
