---
title: Sky v0.2.3 Released
date: 2013-02-22 00:00 -00:00
layout: blog
---

### What's New?

Sky version 0.2.3 has been released.
You can download it from the main [Sky web site](/).
We've added a UI and a JavaScript tracker to the Sky ecosystem.

Major changes:

* The official Sky UI is called [Skybox](/docs/skybox.html).
  It's a Sinatra + D3.js application that allows you to analyze the flow of actions.
  It's a first cut at the UI so it's simple but big things are coming for Skybox!

* A JavaScript tracking server called [Skycap](/docs/skycap.html) has been added so you can directly track actions and state from a simple JavaScript import.
  Many thanks to the guys at [Segment.IO](http://segment.io) for helping with the JavaScript API.
  Skycap's interface is based on the [Analytics.js](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics.js) API.


### What's Next

Sky v0.2.4 will be the last planned release before a large v0.3.0 release which will include multi-node distribution so you can cluster your Sky servers.
The Sky server will see time-based sampling added so you can specify a query time (e.g. 500 ms) and Sky will query as much as it can within that time.
We'll also be adding worker pooling and some other performance improvements so you can scale Sky.

Skybox will see filtering, segmentation and back references added so you can drill into your data and break it up by different types of users.

There have also been many requests for more details about how Sky works and how the query engine works.
I'll be adding some D3.js visualizations to the Sky web site to help explain it.
If you have any requests for blog post topics or you want to know more about Sky, [e-mail the mailing list](mailto:sky@librelist.com) and suggest it.